Update cloud-compatibility.md for Kafka (#811)
ClickHouse/clickhouse-docs: docs/en/cloud/reference/cloud-compatibility.md

### Kafka

> The [Kafka Table Engine](/docs/en/integrations/data-ingestion/kafka/kafka-table-engine.md) is not available in ClickHouse Cloud. Instead, we recommend relying on architectures that decouple the Kafka connectivity components from the ClickHouse service to achieve a separation of concerns. We recommend considering the alternatives listed in the [Kafka User Guide](/docs/en/integrations/kafka/kafka-choosing-an-approach.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [Kafka Table Engine](/docs/en/integrations/data-ingestion/kafka/kafka-table-engine.md) is not available in ClickHouse Cloud. Instead, we recommend relying on architectures that decouple the Kafka connectivity components from the ClickHouse service to achieve a separation of concerns. We recommend considering the alternatives listed in the [Kafka User Guide](/docs/en/integrations/data-ingestion/kafka/kafka-choosing-an-approach.md)
```

> The [Kafka Table Engine](/docs/en/integrations/data-ingestion/kafka/kafka-table-engine.md) is not available in ClickHouse Cloud. Instead, we recommend relying on architectures that decouple the Kafka connectivity components from the ClickHouse service in order to achieve a separation of concerns. We recommend to consider one the alternatives listed in the [Kafka User Guide](/docs/en/integrations/kafka/kafka-choosing-an-approach.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [Kafka Table Engine](/docs/en/integrations/data-ingestion/kafka/kafka-table-engine.md) is not available in ClickHouse Cloud. Instead, we recommend relying on architectures that decouple the Kafka connectivity components from the ClickHouse service to achieve a separation of concerns. We recommend considering the alternatives listed in the [Kafka User Guide](/docs/en/integrations/kafka/kafka-choosing-an-approach.md)
```
